sun-and-stories/README.md, before:

# Sun & Stories

A web platform designed to connect strangers over meaningful conversations during Sunday brunch in Mumbai.

## Website Overview

Sun & Stories is a unique platform that brings together a handpicked group of strangers every Sunday to enjoy a shared meal and engage in meaningful conversations. The platform focuses on creating authentic connections without any agenda or networking pressure, allowing participants to unplug and connect over brunch.

## Architecture

The platform is built using modern web technologies to ensure a seamless and engaging user experience:

- **Next.js 14**: Utilized for its powerful server-side rendering capabilities and ease of building scalable web applications.
- **TypeScript**: Ensures type safety and enhances code quality.
- **Tailwind CSS**: Provides a utility-first approach to styling, allowing for rapid UI development and customization.
- **React**: Powers the interactive components and dynamic user interfaces.

## UI Design

The design of Sun & Stories embraces a warm color palette with golden tones, soft blues, and coral accents to create a welcoming and inviting atmosphere. Custom fonts are used to enhance the visual appeal and readability. The user interface is designed to be simple and intuitive, focusing on user-friendliness and accessibility.

## Getting Started

### Prerequisites

- Node.js 18 or higher
- npm or yarn

### Installation

1. Clone the repository:
```bash
git clone https://github.com/yourusername/sun-and-stories.git
cd sun-and-stories
```

2. Install dependencies:
```bash
npm install
# or
yarn install
```

3. Run the development server:
```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
```

4. Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) in your browser to see the application.

## Project Structure

```
sun-and-stories/
├── src/
│   ├── app/
│   │   ├── page.tsx             # Homepage
│   │   ├── about/               # About page
│   │   ├── questionnaire/       # Questionnaire page
│   │   ├── confirmation/        # Post-submission confirmation
│   │   ├── layout.tsx           # Root layout
│   │   └── globals.css          # Global styles
│   └── components/
│       └── Questionnaire.tsx    # Main questionnaire component
├── public/
│   └── images/                  # Static assets
├── package.json
└── README.md
```

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the LICENSE file for details.

## Contact

For any inquiries, please contact hello@sunandstories.com

Commit message:

Rebrand from Sun & Stories to Table 4 Six (including email/contact)

sun-and-stories/README.md, after:

# Table 4 Six

A web platform designed to connect strangers over meaningful conversations during Sunday brunch in Mumbai.

## Website Overview

Table 4 Six is a unique platform that brings together a handpicked group of strangers every Sunday to enjoy a shared meal and engage in meaningful conversations. The platform focuses on creating authentic connections without any agenda or networking pressure, allowing participants to unplug and connect over brunch.

## Architecture

The platform is built using modern web technologies to ensure a seamless and engaging user experience:

- **Next.js 14**: Utilized for its powerful server-side rendering capabilities and ease of building scalable web applications.
- **TypeScript**: Ensures type safety and enhances code quality.
- **Tailwind CSS**: Provides a utility-first approach to styling, allowing for rapid UI development and customization.
- **React**: Powers the interactive components and dynamic user interfaces.

## UI Design

The design of Table 4 Six embraces a warm color palette with golden tones, soft blues, and coral accents to create a welcoming and inviting atmosphere. Custom fonts are used to enhance the visual appeal and readability. The user interface is designed to be simple and intuitive, focusing on user-friendliness and accessibility.

## Getting Started

### Prerequisites

- Node.js 18 or higher
- npm or yarn

### Installation

1. Clone the repository:
```bash
git clone https://github.com/yourusername/table-4-six.git
cd table-4-six
```

2. Install dependencies:
```bash
npm install
# or
yarn install
```

3. Run the development server:
```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
```

4. Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) in your browser to see the application.

## Project Structure

```
table-4-six/
├── src/
│   ├── app/
│   │   ├── page.tsx             # Homepage
│   │   ├── about/               # About page
│   │   ├── questionnaire/       # Questionnaire page
│   │   ├── confirmation/        # Post-submission confirmation
│   │   ├── layout.tsx           # Root layout
│   │   └── globals.css          # Global styles
│   └── components/
│       └── Questionnaire.tsx    # Main questionnaire component
├── public/
│   └── images/                  # Static assets
├── package.json
└── README.md
```

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the LICENSE file for details.

## Contact

For any inquiries, please contact hello@table4six.com
